add powertools repo for gpgme-devel (#8000)
cri-o/cri-o: install.md

- `CentOS 8` (or higher): `pkgconfig` package is replaced by `pkgconf-pkg-config`
- By default btrfs is not enabled. To add the btrfs support, install the
  following package: `btrfs-progs-devel`

> - `CentOS 8` (or higher): `gpgme-devel` can be installed with the powertools repo.
>   (`yum install -y gpgme-devel --enablerepo=powertools`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CentOS 8` (or higher): `gpgme-devel` can be installed using the **powertools** repository.
  (`yum install -y gpgme-devel --enablerepo=powertools`)
```

Author: Patched

- `CentOS 8` (or higher): `pkgconfig` package is replaced by `pkgconf-pkg-config`
- By default btrfs is not enabled. To add the btrfs support, install the
  following package: `btrfs-progs-devel`
- `CentOS 8` (or higher): `gpgme-devel` can be
  installed with the powertools repo.

>   (`yum install -y gpgme-devel --enablerepo=powertools`)

Author: I'll test on a centos 9 VM and I'll update if that works.

>   (`yum install -y gpgme-devel --enablerepo=powertools`)

Author: you are correct!

>   (`yum install -y gpgme-devel --enablerepo=powertools`)

Author: pushed up a fix for it.
